Boss, is this a real explanation?
That's right. The most promising stone was also chipped away.
Brother, let me see this piece of material.
The stone has been chipped away.
What's wrong with you? You have the ability to turn your time into gold.
Not really. Now that it has been cut apart,
Then it's okay for me to show it to you. Where did the small one come from?
Do you know about primitives? Do you know what materials are easy to be stolen?
Such a waste of thought. It's not like he's deliberately getting close to Mr. Zheng.
push. That breaks the rules.
It would be great if you come here to play instead. Look at it.
tell me so
Come back today and take care of your things
Look through your blockage
The young master of King Tangtang
Wouldn’t I dare to use it as a member of the board of directors?
I can get a copy today